Fix README.md links (#242)
neuralmagic/sparsify: README.md

Sparsify is tested on Python 3.8 and 3.10, ONNX 1.5.0-1.12.0, ONNX opset version 11+, and manylinux compliant systems.

Sparsify requires a GPU with CUDA + CuDNN in order to sparsify neural networks. 

> We recommend you use a Linux system with a GPU that has a minimum of 16 GB of GPU Memory, 128 GB of RAM, 4 CPU cores, and is CUDA-enabled. If you are sparsifying a very large model, you may need more RAM than the recommended 128 GB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend you use a Linux system with a GPU that has a minimum of 16GB of GPU Memory, 128GB of RAM, 4 CPU cores, and is CUDA-enabled. If you are sparsifying a very large model, you may need more RAM than the recommended 128GB.
```
